README.md, before:

# React-Jumpstart-Kit
Get hands-on with React! This beginner-friendly repository offers curated tasks to practice building user interfaces. From basic components to advanced concepts like routing and form handling, strengthen your skills through interactive exercises. Start your React journey today! Happy coding!
<br>
[figma design...]

## Branching convension
`main` branch will be used to deploy production releases.

## Folder/file structure

Follow the current naming convention and folder structure.

```   
+---node_modules
+---public  
¦   +---icons       
¦   +---images
¦           
¦           
+---src
    ¦   App.js
    ¦   App.scss
    ¦   App.test.js
    ¦   index.css
    ¦   index.js
    ¦   setupTests.js
    ¦   
    +---components
    +---pages

¦   package-lock.json
¦   package.json
¦   README.md
```

## Built With

This section should list any major frameworks/libraries used to bootstrap your project. Leave any add-ons/plugins for the acknowledgements section. Here are a few examples.

* [![React][React.js]][React-url]
* [![Sass][Sass.com]][Sass-url]
* [![Tailwind][TailwindCSS]][Tailwind-url]

## Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Codeverse-Labs/React-Jumpstart-Kit.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Test Locally
   ```sh
   npm start
   ```
## Extentions

 In this section, you can explore a range of Visual Studio Code (VS Code) extensions that can significantly improve your development experience
  1. [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense]
  2. [IntelliCode]
  3. [Prettier - Code formatter]
  4. [SonarLint]
  5. [GitHub Copilot]
  6. [SonarLint]


[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Sass.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/sass-BF4080?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white
[Sass-url]: https://sass-lang.com/
[TailwindCSS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=61DAFB
[tailwind-url]:https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation
[figma design...]:https://www.figma.com/file/gYwNQU6m4jAqz3igxChCp2/Saintstream?type=design&node-id=18%3A2808&mode=design&t=ddJMY1hZWdqJFnvh-1

[Tailwind CSS IntelliSense]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss
[IntelliCode]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode
[Prettier - Code formatter]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode
[SonarLint]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SonarSource.sonarlint-vscode
[GitHub Copilot]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot
[SonarLint]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SonarSource.sonarlint-vscode

Commit message:

Added examples for pages, components and routing

README.md, after:

# React-Jumpstart-Kit
Get hands-on with React! This beginner-friendly repository offers curated tasks to practice building user interfaces. From basic components to advanced concepts like routing and form handling, strengthen your skills through interactive exercises. Start your React journey today! Happy coding!
<br>
[figma design...]

## Task 01

Implement the components and pages based on the figma design

## Task 02

Make the implemented pages and components responsive

## Branching convension
`main` branch will be used to deploy production releases.

## Folder/file structure

Follow the current naming convention and folder structure.

```   
+---node_modules
+---public  
¦   +---icons       
¦   +---images
¦           
¦           
+---src
    ¦   App.js
    ¦   App.scss
    ¦   App.test.js
    ¦   index.css
    ¦   index.js
    ¦   setupTests.js
    ¦   
    +---components
    +---pages

¦   package-lock.json
¦   package.json
¦   README.md
```

## Built With

This section should list any major frameworks/libraries used to bootstrap your project. Leave any add-ons/plugins for the acknowledgements section. Here are a few examples.

* [![React][React.js]][React-url]
* [![Sass][Sass.com]][Sass-url]
* [![Tailwind][TailwindCSS]][Tailwind-url]

## Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Codeverse-Labs/React-Jumpstart-Kit.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Test Locally
   ```sh
   npm start
   ```
## Extentions

 In this section, you can explore a range of Visual Studio Code (VS Code) extensions that can significantly improve your development experience
  1. [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense]
  2. [IntelliCode]
  3. [Prettier - Code formatter]
  4. [SonarLint]
  5. [GitHub Copilot]
  6. [SonarLint]


[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Sass.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/sass-BF4080?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white
[Sass-url]: https://sass-lang.com/
[TailwindCSS]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=61DAFB
[tailwind-url]:https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation
[figma design...]:https://www.figma.com/file/gYwNQU6m4jAqz3igxChCp2/Saintstream?type=design&node-id=18%3A2808&mode=design&t=ddJMY1hZWdqJFnvh-1

[Tailwind CSS IntelliSense]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss
[IntelliCode]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode
[Prettier - Code formatter]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode
[SonarLint]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SonarSource.sonarlint-vscode
[GitHub Copilot]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot
[SonarLint]:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SonarSource.sonarlint-vscode
